# United States Office of Foreign Assets Control

The Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC") of the US Department of the
Treasury administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on US
foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign countries
and regimes, terrorists, international narcotics traffickers, those engaged
in activities related to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and
other threats to the national security, foreign policy or economy of the
Unitedâ€‹ States.

OFAC publishes lists of individuals and companies owned or controlled by, or
acting for or on behalf of, targeted countries. It also lists individuals,
groups, and entities, such as terrorists and narcotics traffickers designated
under programs that are not country-specific.

* https://www.treasury.gov/resource-center/sanctions/Pages/default.aspx
* http://sdnsearch.ofac.treas.gov/


## License

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015-2017 Friedrich Lindenberg

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
